Home Page:

Banner:
Slide 01:
Building communities interwoven with emotive love, creativity, nature and cutting edge technology.

Slide 02:
The wait is almost over.
We are launching the World of Span

Slide 03:
We aim to achieve
Responsible sound ecological architecture with cutting edge blended into individual structures and
reflecting nature.
Breaking architectural stereotypes from building materials, energy and technology to bring spectacular
multi-faceted spaces still connected to nature.



Our Vision
Building communities interwoven with emotive love, creativity, nature and cutting edge technology

Our Mission
World of Span is embarking on an enduring mission to
fundamentally bring about change on how communities
are built by reconnecting them with nature. World of
Span envisions to achieving this by leveraging
breakthrough technologies, innovating infrastructure
materials, processes & methodologies.

“Humanity is exalted not because we are so far above other living creatures, but because knowing them well elevates the very concept of life in us.”
-Chandrahasan Senthil Kumar



Visionaries of World of Span
World of Span is a place where ideas,
ambitious concepts, and professionals
congregate to create a difference for your new
home of love.

We are a conglomerate of highly experienced
and accomplished Infrastructure & Tech
Stalwarts -from across the globe; with a
cumulative experience in excess of 1000+ years. Group is endowed with many Patents,
know-hows / IPRs and are currently under
global patent process.


We aim to achieve
Responsible sound ecological architecture with cutting edge blended into individual structures and
reflecting nature.

Breaking architectural stereotypes from building materials, energy and technology to bring spectacular
multi-faceted spaces still connected to nature.

Design that will conjure emotive images in the mind of the home-owner, the immersive multi-layered works
of nature in the housing that bring out inner happiness and love.



150+ Projects
in the infra / construction space plus

1100+ Projects
in the engineering and technology space (with global partners)




Our Core focus areas

Infrastructure
Breaking all architectural stereotypes from building material to levels of technology unknown in our times – to bring “spectacular, multifaceted” spaces so connected to nature.

Energy
Focus on net-zero energy by bringing together renewable energy, energy saving designs & technologies.

Communication
Data driven best of the breed solutions built-on powerful data and sensor communication network connecting infrastructure, services and people.

Mobility
Focus on next generation mobility solutions building towards connected cars and integrated transport systems.

Air & Water
Breakthrough technology driven solutions to improve Air quality, Water management and Rains.

Agriculture
Seamless integration of smart agriculture into the ecosystem to reap benefits for the community through programs that bring farm to table closer to reality

Healthcare
Community focused healthcare initiatives and solutions powered by best of the technologies, telemedicine and more.




Media Centre
Dubai SME announces launch of ‘BEDAYAT’
Dubai SME, the agency of Dubai Economy mandated to develop the small and medium enterprise (SME) sector...

This Ranchi startup is making the transition to renewable 
Ranchi-based clean energy startup SafEarth has facilitated a net investment of over Rs 100 crore into renewable energy projects in India. Today, it is used 

This Ranchi startup is making the transition to renewable 
Ranchi-based clean energy startup SafEarth has facilitated a net investment of over Rs 100 crore into renewable energy projects in India. Today, it is used 



Our Recent Launch